[Tell me about yourself.]
	C: I'm the skipper of the (i)Azimuth(/i). Sixteen years before the gasbag. 
[What is your connection to the victim?]
	C: He built this ship and owns the line, so he does pay my wages. That said, since I welcomed him and his party on board, we haven't spoken. I and my crew have been busy non-stop keeping us aloft. Except for my steward, Miss Newport - she's been away from her post plenty.
[What did you see last night?]
	C:
[Ask about a discovery.]
	Wound
		I run a tight ship. Nothing big and heavy should have been accessible to the passengers. 
	Time of Death
		8 o'clock? We were still in the grips of that storm. I was stuck to the wheel. If anyone came through, I wouldn't have noticed until the storm passed at 8:30. 
	Weapon
		Ah, blast it. The responsonomic baro-regulator. Should have known. Let's get that reattached before we lose boiler pressure. 
	Bishop's Spectacles
		I'm not sure what you want me to say about that.
	Rook's Contracts
			Looks like Royaume was
	Pawn's Political Tracts
	Knight's Service Record
		
[Ask about the passengers.]
	C: Given the prestige of our passengers, I've had the... pleasure of speaking with them personally.
	C: As for Royaume, the, ah, victim, I don't know anything more than what you read in the papers. He owns this ship, he owns the whole airship line. He was headed to Endsville to sign the biggest contract Her Infallible Majesty's government has ever offered, selling war zeppelins to the Brigades. 
	C: His wife, Baroness Eleanora is on board as well. Things are chilly between them, but if you keep up with the society pages, you'll know that's nothing new. 
	C: Travelling with them is Mr. de la Rocque who is - was - Royaume's solicitor and business partner. We also have Colonel Angus Ritter, the war hero, and Rector Nathaniel Esgob, the social reformer. I understand he's on a speaking tour. 
	C: Finally, though I hate to think it, one of my crew was not accounted for early this evening. My steward, Newport, was not at her post last night. I've taken the liberty of confining her to the passenger quarters with the other suspects. I hope you can resolve this swiftly and discreetly.
	